README.md, before:

# Project-2-Full-stack-Application

Overview

This second project is my first foray into building a full-stack application. I’ll be building an Express app, which means I’ll be learning about what it takes to build a functional application from the ground up myself.

I’ll exercise simple, clean creativity on this project, sketch some wireframes before I start, and write a user story to define what my users will want to do with the app.

I need to remember to keep things small and focus on mastering the fundamentals.

The application will have three models. The models will consist of a task user model, task model and note model.

The application will include sign-up / sign-in / sign-out functionality, with encrypted passwords & an authorization flow.

Will also have full CRUD routes, which mean, Create, Read, Update and Delete.

Mongoose will be used to create the models and add the proper validations.

I have also included a wireframe that I designed during the planning process. See Images folder.

The application will also be responsive in the code design build, for desktop and mobile.

Code will be written semantically clean in HTML, CSS3 and JavaScript, as well as any other languages if the need be to add additional languages.

After application build, it will be deployed online and accessible to the public.

User story.

Application will be able to save tasks, which can also be edited and have an additional note added when needed. Tasks as well as notes will be able to be viewed by pressing the View Tasks and Notes button. After viewing the tasks and notes being displayed, choose a task to view by clicking on one of the task links. The Task and notes page will appear and you will be able to edit or delete completed or no longer need to do tasks. Click on the home link located on the navigation bar on the top of app screen to return to the main landing page. All tasks and notes as well as users login, sign up information will be stored in the application database.

Below a calender is displayed. The calender can navigate from the current month to previous month to the next month by clicking on the arrow icon symbols located one the blue bar in the calender design. The blue calender bar is also a link bar, which has integration with the Google Calender API. When clicked, a user will be brought to their own personal Google Calender. The user must first sign in to the Google Calender API, in order to view all of their personal calender events. The events will then be stored in the users application database. An email will also be sent as a reminder for all upcoming calender events. The Day of events scheduled will also be emailed before the scheduled hour. Calender displayed on application page is also fully functional but is disabled as it will be included as a full feature extra with a paid desciption. Still working on testing, debugging and application interface between both calenders and testing before Calender displayed on application page will be activated.

Commit message:

MIA Ironhack Labs - Project 2-NoteTastic - Ruben
Full Stack Application Build Using MongoDB, Mongoose, Passport, Express, Nodejs, JavaScript, HTML, CSS3, Boot Strap, jQuery, Handlebars.

README.md, after:

Project-2-Full-stack-Application

Overview

This second project is my first foray into building a full-stack application. I’ll be building an Express app, which means I’ll be learning about what it takes to build a functional application from the ground up myself.
I’ll exercise simple, clean creativity on this project, sketch some wire frames before I start, and write a user story to define what my users will want to do with the app.


Build Steps.
I need to remember to keep things small and focus on mastering the fundamentals.
The application will have three models. The models will consist of a task user model, task model and note model.
The application will include sign-up / sign-in / sign-out functionality, with encrypted passwords & an authorization flow.
Will also have full CRUD routes, which mean, Create, Read, Update and Delete.
Mongoose will be used to create the models and add the proper validations.
I have also included a wire frame that I designed during the planning process. See Images folder.
The application will also be responsive in the code design build, for desktop and mobile.
Code will be written semantically clean in HTML, CSS3 and JavaScript, as well as any other languages if the need be to add additional languages.
After application build, it will be deployed online and accessible to the public.

User story.

Tasks and Notes.
Application will be able to save tasks, which can also be edited and have an additional note added when needed. Tasks as well as notes will be able to be viewed by pressing the View Tasks and Notes button. After viewing the tasks and notes being displayed, choose a task to view by clicking on one of the task links. The Task and notes page will appear and you will be able to edit or delete completed or no longer need to do tasks. Click on the home link located on the navigation bar on the top of app screen to return to the main landing page. All tasks and notes as well as users login, sign up information will be stored in the application database.


User Calender.
Below a calendar is displayed. The calendar can navigate from the current month to previous month to the next month by clicking on the arrow icon symbols located one the blue bar in the calendar design. The blue calendar bar is also a link bar, which has integration with the Google Calendar API. When clicked, a user will be brought to their own personal Google Calendar. The user must first sign in to the Google Calendar API, in order to view all of their personal calendar events. The events will then be stored in the users application database. 

An email will also be sent as a reminder for all upcoming calendar events. The Day of events scheduled will also be emailed before the scheduled hour. Calendar displayed on application page is also fully functional but is disabled as it will be included as a full feature extra with a paid description. Still working on testing, debugging and application interface between both calender's and testing before Calendar displayed on application page will be activated.
